blocks/footer-block/README.md, before:

# `@wpmedia/header-nav-block`

_Footer block for the Fusion News Theme. This will pull the data from the footer hierarchy from the organization's site service._

## Acceptance Criteria

- Add AC relevant to the block

## Props

| **Prop**                  | **Required** | **Type** | **Description**                                     |
| ------------------------- | ------------ | -------- | --------------------------------------------------- |
| **required prop**         | yes          |          |                                                     |
| **optional prop**         | no           |          |                                                     |
| **contentConfig example** |              |          | Please specify which content sources are compatible |

## ANS Schema

Outline any schema information requirements necessary to know for ths block

### ANS Fields

Available through `useContent`

- `children`
- `children[x].node_type`
- `children[x].url`
- `children[x].display_name`
- `children[x].name`

## Internationalization fields

- Add all internationalization fields used in the block

## Events

Blocks can emit events. The following is a list of events that are emitted by this block.

| **Event Name** | **Description**    |
| -------------- | ------------------ |
| **eventName**  | Describe the event |

### Event Listening

Include block specific instructions for event listening.

OR

This block does not emit any events.

## Additional Considerations

_This is optional. Please add an additional context that would be important to know in order to use this block._

Commit message:

TMEDIA 725: Convert Footer block (#1496)
* chore: Add basic setup for v2 blocks

* docs: Ensure doc is useful and does not contain placeholder info

* feat: Update footer parent width to match full width and content max width based on mocks

* feat: Add grid. Use matching grid gap of 24px to the preexisting

* docs: Comment out copyright for now

* fix: Remove spacing the block based on layout expectations

* feat: Add icon and styles

* fix: Remove test code for fallbacks

* style: Fix spacing of scss file per stylelint requirements

* feat: Update to the updated designs. Use not last child to get border correct

* style: Update order of footer links

* chore: Remove now deprecated style sheet

* feat: Follow previous implementation of width and centering the text in footer

* feat: Convert link to v2 architecture. Use Link Children text

* ci: Update themes components

* feat: Use default section as I need to change flex direction dynamically

* TMEDIA-725: Footer

* Don't render grid if no items

* sort

* Add list styles and remove unused copyright text class

* small image adjustment

* Update blocks/footer-block/features/footer/default.jsx

* Remove duplicate styles and unecessary tokens

* actually add the file I changed

* Update blocks/footer-block/README.md

Co-authored-by: Eric Carlisle <ecarlisle@users.noreply.github.com>

* documentation

* fix link edges

* Update blocks/footer-block/_index.scss

Co-authored-by: Jack Howard <jackhowa@fastmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Eric Carlisle <ecarlisle@users.noreply.github.com>

blocks/footer-block/README.md, after:

# `@wpmedia/footer-block`

Footer block for the Fusion News Theme. This will pull the data from the footer hierarchy from the organization's site service.

## Acceptance Criteria

- Lazy loads if specified in the block configuration
- Displays the footer hierarchy content

## Props

| **Prop**                            | **Required** | **Type** | **Description**                                                                                                        |
| ----------------------------------- | ------------ | -------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| lazyLoad                            | yes          | boolean  | Turning on lazy-loading will prevent this block from being loaded on the page until it is nearly in-view for the user. |
| navigation-hierarchy content source |              |          |                                                                                                                        |

## ANS Schema

Outline any schema information requirements necessary to know for ths block

### ANS Fields

Available through `useContent`

- `children`
- `children[x].node_type`
- `children[x].url`
- `children[x].display_name`
- `children[x].name`

## Internationalization fields

| Phrase key                   | Default (English) |
| ---------------------------- | ----------------- |
| `footer-block.facebook-link` | `Facebook page`   |
| `footer-block.rss-link`      | `Twitter feed`    |
| `footer-block.twitter-link`  | `RSS feed`        |

## Events

This block does not emit events nor does it listen for events.
